docs: improve data fetching docs (#21197)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/6.data-fetching.md

### Network calls duplication

> The `useFetch` and `useAsyncData` composables ensure that once an API call is made on the server, the data is properly forwarded to the client in the payload. This JavaScript object is accessible through [useNuxtApp.payload](/docs/api/composables/use-nuxt-app#payload) and is used on the client to avoid refetching the same data when the code is executed in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useFetch` and `useAsyncData` composables ensure that once an API call is made on the server, the data is properly forwarded to the client in the payload. This JavaScript object is accessible through [useNuxtApp().payload](/docs/api/composables/use-nuxt-app#payload) and is used on the client to avoid refetching the same data when the code is executed in the browser.
```

#### Keys

`useFetch` and `useAsyncData` use keys to prevent refetching the same data.

- `useFetch` uses the provided URL as a key. Alternatively, a `key` value can be provided in the `options` object passed as a last argument.
- `useAsyncData` uses its first argument as a key if it is a string. If the first argument is the handler function that performs the query, then a key that is unique to the file name and line number of the instance of `useAsyncData` will be generated for you.

::alert{icon=📘}
To get the cached data by key, you can use [`useNuxtData`](/docs/api/composables/use-nuxt-data)
::

#### Refresh and execute

> If you want to fetch or refresh data manually, use the `execute` or `refresh` function provided by the composables. `execute` and `refresh` methods work exactly the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to fetch or refresh data manually, use the `execute` or `refresh` function provided by the composables. (`execute` is an alias for `refresh` that works in exactly the same way but is more semantic for cases when `immediate: false`).
```
